
Adding answer for ticket #36

1. JQ: Give an example of a class selector and an ID selector
	$('.class-name')
	$('#id-name')

2. How do I save in vi? 
	:w

3. GIT: How do I change a commit? 
	git commit --amend 

4. GIT: How do I clone a repo? 
	git clone https://github.com/thanduxolo/exercises.git

5. GIT: How do I list my changes? 
	ls

6. GIT: How do I change to my project directory? 
	cd directory_name

7. GIT: How do I check my git config? 
	git config –list

8. GIT: How do I see what files are tracked or untracked? 
	git status 

9. GIT: How do I push a file to the remote? 
	git push origin master

10. GIT: What should I put in my commit message? 
	A brief comment on your changes

11. GIT: How do I make a commit? 
	git commit -m”commit message”

12. GIT: How do I add a file to a commit? 
	git add file_name

13. GIT: What is a commit? 
	Commit record changes to the repository.

14. GIT: Where do you run git commands from? 
	From a Command Line Interface(CLI)

15. What is a docroot or document root? 
	The document root is a directory (a folder) that is stored on a host's servers and that is designated for 		holding web pages. When someone else looks at your web site, this is the location they will be 	accessing.  

16. How do I change to my project directory? 
	cd directory-name

17. What do I mean when I say change to your project directory? 
	You want me to change to my working directory.

18. What's a working directory? 
	A directory that contains all the files and folders of a project that I am currently working on.

19. What's a file? 
	A file is a named collection of related information that is retained in storage.

20. JS: Explain the scope of variables declared using "var" and those declared without "var"
	Variables declared using “var” are declared in the current scope. If the declaration appears in a function 		– a local variable is declared; if it is in a global scope – a global variable is declared.
	On the other hand variables without “var” keyword, if declared within a function that variable will be 		global in scope. 


21. JS: How can we debug in the browser? 
	You need to install Firebug.

22. JS: When do you use "var" in front of your variables? 
	When you declare those variables.

23. JS: What are the javascript data types? 
	Are the types of data a javascript variable can contain. For example string, number, boolean, array and 		object.

24. What's a directory? 
	A special type of file that contains a list of objects(e.g. files, directories).

25. What's a URL? 
	URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator, and is used to specify addresses on the World Wide Web. 
	A URL is the fundamental network identification for any resource connected to the web (e.g., hypertext 		pages, images, and sound files). 

26. JS: What's the acronym for remembering the order of operations? 
	BODMAS

27. JS: What's a boolean? 
	A binary variable, having two possible values called “true” and “false.”

28. JS: What's the order of operations in math? 
	Brackets,  Division and Multiplication, Addition and subtraction

29. What's a remote? 
	Remote is version of a project that is hosted on the Internet or network somewhere.

30. What's a client? 
	A computer that is capable of obtaining information and applications from a server.

31. What's a server? 
	A computer or computer program that manages access to a centralized resource or service in a 		network.

32. What are the elements of a command? 
	The command contains the name of the user, the name of the computer and the name of the current 		directory.

33. How do you re-run the previous command? 
	CTRL + p

34. How do I see what's in the root directory?
	ls

35. How do I change to the directory above mine? 
	cd ..
